---
id: roadmap-v2.5
title: v2.5
slug: /roadmap-v2.5/
---

This document outlines the roadmap for Dragonfly v2.5, focusing on performance optimization,
enhanced functionality, and expanded use cases in AI/ML workloads. Dragonfly v2.5 is scheduled
for release on June 30, 2026.

## Core Components

### Manager

- Enhance service performance and resource utilization while reducing CPU/Memory overhead.
- Implement visualization for Persistent Task/Cache Task features.
- Enhance user experience and UI design in the Manager Console.

### Scheduler

- Enhance service performance and resource utilization while reducing CPU/Memory overhead.
- Optimize the scheduling algorithm to improve bandwidth utilization in the P2P network.

### Client

- Enhance service performance and resource utilization while reducing CPU/Memory overhead.
- Implement Dfstore command for persistent task.

## Service Quality

- Implement a client-side download task queue to prevent too many concurrent downloads.
- Implement circuit breakers and rate limiting for each component to prevent cascading failures during sudden traffic spikes.
- Centralized rate limiting for download tasks and back-to-origin traffic at the cluster level to prevent excessive
  load on the origin.
- Support emergency plans and implement service degradation for specified requests.

## File Distribution

- Implement a bandwidth-aware negotiation protocol to distribute requests across multiple parent nodes,
  preventing single-parent bottlenecks.
- Optimize the Dragonfly Injector (Webhook) to support injecting the Dragonfly download tool into containers,
  thereby improving ease of use in cloud-native environment.

## AI Model/Dataset Distribution

- Implement RDMA-based distribution of model weights.
- Support cache task memory-level download tasks.

## AI Agent

- Enhanced Snapshotter's snapshot and restore performance.

## Others

### Observability

- Improve and refine the monitoring metrics system.
- Optimize the alerting mechanism and enhance issue diagnosis capabilities.

### Security

- Add gRPC Auth Token authentication mechanism.

### Testing

- Add more E2E tests and unit tests.

## Documentation

- Enhance the landing page UI.
- Add more documentation on system interactions and implementation details.

## Nydus

### Testing {#nydus-testing}

- Containerize smoke tests.
- The unit test coverage for medium to large PRs should not be lower than the current project coverage rate.

### Core Components {#nydus-core-components}

#### Nydusd

- Integrate Dragonfly SDK to request Dragonfly cache service.
- RAFS V6 fuse and EROFS switching. When all local cached blob files exist, consider switching to EROFS to reduce fuse overhead.
- Solution for nydusd token permanent expiration, consider supporting hot update capability for configuration files and auth.
- Remove support for external volume for modelpack. This solution is no longer in use, so remove related code.

#### Snapshotter

- snapshotter helm chart migration

#### Nydusify

- support compacting image on commit

### Agent Sandbox

- Best practice documentation for using nydus in agent sandbox scenarios.
