---
id: roadmap-v2.6
title: v2.6
slug: /roadmap-v2.6/
---

This document outlines the roadmap for Dragonfly v2.6, focusing on performance optimization,
enhanced functionality, and expanded use cases in AI/ML workloads. Dragonfly v2.6 is scheduled
for release on December 31, 2026.

## Core Components

### Manager

- Enhance service performance and resource utilization while reducing CPU/Memory overhead.
- Enhance user experience and UI design in the Manager Console.

### Scheduler

- Enhance service performance and resource utilization while reducing CPU/Memory overhead.
- Optimize the scheduling algorithm to improve bandwidth utilization in the P2P network.

### Client

- Enhance service performance and resource utilization while reducing CPU/Memory overhead.
- Dfcache/Dfstore support to import persistent cache task to Dfdaemon in Node by UDS.
- Support lightweight Client with no need to deploy centralized Scheduler and Manager.

## AI Model/Dataset Distribution

- Writes use Direct IO, reads use Buffered IO.
- Implement Python SDK to provide data distribution for AI Infrastructure.
- Explore integrating the SGLang and vLLM ecosystems to distribute data.

## AI Agent

- Ensure data reliability when asynchronously writing to object storage.
- Implement Python SDK to support snapshotter for use in AI agent.
- Explore integrating the Agent Sandbox, Gymnasium, etc.
- Implement model context protocol (MCP).

## Others

### Observability

- Improve and refine the monitoring metrics system.
- Optimize the alerting mechanism and enhance issue diagnosis capabilities.

### Security

- Implement encrypted data storage.

### Testing

- Add more E2E tests and unit tests.

## Documentation

- Enhance the landing page UI.
- Add more documentation on system interactions and implementation details.

## Nydus

### Testing {#nydus-testing}

- Increase unit test coverage target to 60%. Consider leveraging agent capabilities.

### Core Components {#nydus-core-components}

#### Nydusd

- Deprecate erofs+fscache solution and migrate to erofs+fanotify pre-hook solution.

#### Snapshotter

- Further enhance observability. For example:
  - Collect statistics on nydusd image-related information.
  - Support Prometheus metrics collection.
- Regarding Containerd's issues related to multi-snapshotter switching, organize best practice documentation.
  - follow Containerd community progress

#### Nydus Image

- Better support for image conversion from Nydus to OCI. Fix errors during reverse conversion of large images.

### Kata Container Support

- Best practice documentation for using nydus in Kata Container scenarios.
